choose a laptop is not easy because everyone
own tasks and requirements
someone needs a laptop for games and
entertainment
someone to work someone to study a
someone just to chat and search
information on the network which laptop is needed
you can only be involved with
selection scheme notebook selection pretty
just decide first what you need
laptop it will help you choose the size
screen configurations and laptops can
be small from 11 to 14 inches
medium 1516 and large 18-inch
more configurations of any laptop is
processor hard drive
RAM
video card
not software
each of these indicators affects
wherein one speed and usability
the same configuration model can
differ on it worth turning
attention our consultants can
explain any gray majority
Cases of RAM affect
for laptop speed more than
processor hard disk space is important
if you need to store a lot of information
such as photos or movies
additionally and still naming discrete
graphics card dramatically speed up
work and uah and graphic applications but
at the same time will increase energy consumption
it is important to check to see about a specific
the models were the external ports you needed
for example, not everyone has a connector for
wired network connections
external monitor or tv
Usually on laptops is operating
windows system
but there are alternatives in
the first is mac os on apple
they are T-shirts
for study and home use
such as standard office application
Internet mail is suitable basic models
what is called every day they
possess only the most necessary
non-core functions
but affordable and reliably usually
these are laptops with a diagonal of 15 and 60 be
for learning and communication solutions available
for every family
and if the issue of the budget has become acute or you
need a simple unpretentious model then
we suggest to pay attention to laptops
with a screen diagonal of 9 12 inches they are not
very powerful but not expensive
by most
common tasks besides games to handle
quite if you need laptops for gaming and
entertainment for example for viewing
movies and photos
best to pick a multimedia
the model is usually they with a screen of 15 6 inches
17 and more
These laptops are designed to completely replace
home computer
they are very fast and with a powerful video card
in these laptops there are exits on
TV and home cinema
allowing you to watch any movies about
power will be enough to play
any games
in fact it is a home entertainment
center such laptops
they usually just stand on the table nobody
nowhere wears therefore from the battery they
They do not work for a long time it is just and necessary
for business for work choose
mobile laptops with screens 13 14
inches
mass options everyone can choose
configuration from the property and
business notebooks
usually the most capacious battery and not
designed for long use
on the road they can work from
batteries 8 and even 12 hours
business laptops are fast processor
stylish look high
performance and most importantly the most capacious
battery choice of professionals
the latest trend
Ultrabooks screen diagonal 11 13 inches
although now there are models with
more work on weight slightly more than 1
kilogram and light beautiful thin they
always attract attention and
underline the name of the owner most likely
you will not find 9 drives in ultrabooks
fee for compactness but inside instead
ordinary ssd hard drives
it is much faster in weight and size
They are comparable to tablets along with
keyboard only features much
more
because it is a real full-fledged computer
most ultrabooks are quite
productive and able to work
5-7 hours from one battery charge
these laptops are for the most mobile people and
although not worth much you always understand
paid for something
apple laptops
this is a completely different category the difference is not
only the operating system but little things
and details call them and so on yes
many praise mo is considered that this
the best system for ordinary
user but will you find any
Program whether the laptop could for her
interact with your work network
better know about it in advance
in many of our stores is equipped
a separate mogzon sold here only
computers about elex at sarah for them here
they will help you to make a choice and
answer all your questions
in order to have a laptop
work comfortably and efficiently
think about additional accessories
maybe you are more comfortable to manage
familiar mouse and maybe you need
carrying bag by the way owners
laptops can be useful to ours
service technician policy
she allows for a year or two
pass on to our specialists everything
service installation
programs and equipment
we can also buy additional
programs including antiviruses
the choice of laptop primarily depends
from the tasks to be performed
if you need a simple affordable solution
then your choice of laptops for study and
communication if for fun then this
multimedia models for business
stylish and productive and for the most
demanding customers beyond
compact ultrabooks
the choice of operating system is also important
since the transition from one system to
another can be hard don't forget about
extra x
and our service capabilities
modern man is hard to imagine
your life without a computer laptop is
mobile comfortable and modern
choose your computer and it will be
your faithful assistant